adding realtime update to all server-side sdk docs (#770)
DevCycleHQ/devcycle-docs: docs/sdk/features.md

## Realtime Updates

> DevCycle SDKs (both client-side and server-side) are capable of being notified in realtime that new configuration changes have been made in the DevCycle platform.

Reviewer: do we need to clarify that it's both client and server side? why would anyone assume differently when reading this?

Author: @ajwootto it feels like there's no harm in being explicit, especially given we didn't start from a place of obviously doing all of the sdks

DevCycle leverages Server-Sent Events (SSE) to notify the SDKs that a feature (targeting rules, variable values, etc.)

> has been saved and that they should fetch the new configuration. A connection URL is included in the config that the SDK fetches, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has been updated and that they should fetch the new configuration. A connection URL is included in the config that the SDK fetches, 
```

> triggering the SDK to open a connection with our SSE provider listening for any changes in the given environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
triggering the SDK to open a connection with our SSE provider and listen for any changes in the given environment.
```

**Supported SDKs**
- Javascript
- React
- iOS
- Android
- Flutter

> - NodeJS (including Next and Nest)

Reviewer: Next is a different SDK and is not related to the Node SDK

- Python
- Ruby
- Java
- Go
- .NET
- PHP (via SDK Proxy)

### SDK Specifics

#### **Javascript SDK**, **React SDK**

If the user loses focus on the webpage for longer then the `inactivityDelay` (the default of which is set to 2 minutes, and can be configured through the options), the SDK will disconnect from the SSE provider and will reconnect when the user opens the tab / window again (i.e. the page's visibility state = `visible`). The SDK will also request a new configuration during reconnection to receive any updates it may have missed while the realtime connection was closed.

#### **iOS SDK**, **Android SDK** & **Flutter SDK**

If the user backgrounds the application for some period of time, the SDK will disconnect from the SSE provider and will reconnect again when the user brings the application to the foreground. When the application is brought to the foreground the SDK will request a new configuration to receive any updates it may have missed while the realtime connection was closed.

#### Server-Side SDKs

> If the server loses its connection it will be re-opened on the next config poll, which can be configured as desired.

Reviewer: what would "next config poll" mean to someone reading this?

Author: given it's client side, is next initialization better?

Author: ok edited
